---
layout: page
excerpt: "Brief Introduction"
---

I am currently enrolled as a Master's student at North Carolina State University, Specializing in Signal Processing and Computational Intelligence. My interest is working on implementing DSP algorithms in computer vision and Machine learning. I like to solve real-time problems by utilizing these skills.

## Current Interests and Projects:
My current Interest is in the field of AutoML techniques, Object Tracking and building pipelines for ML projects.  

- Emotion Recognition for Surveying: Developed Facial Emotional Recognition (FER) application in Keras with
Transfer Learning.Used VGG16 model and added couple extra layers to get better classication results. Fine-tuned the
model to increase F-1 score by playing with unfreezing the layers in transfer-learning. Explored various other ways of
feature extraction like, Action Units data generated by OpenFace, classifying based on dominating values from these
units and knowledge distillation.

- Visual Tracking using VGG16 and LSTM: Applied three-step implementation of preprocessing, training and
testing a code which can keep track of object of interest. Deployed CNN and LSTM for the object detection and
stitching of frames respectively. TensorFlow was picked as deep learning framework choice for object detection and
LSTM cells. Tracking of object possible for up to 32 frames per second.

- Body Rocking Behavior Recognition applying RNN and LSTM: scripted a code to detect body rocking
(commonly observed in individuals with autism) with accuracy over 90 percent. The entire implementation was written
using PyTorch Framework.
